Hello to you, along with Bartolomeo
me smoke with some
how is he and what is she looking like
like with red so come on today we will
hello we will do what we do
will do something like this bag but
I already have this 2 bag which is already
there will be a great now other bags
what kind of bags daughter normal
we are going to hike this one like
yes no really sorry please
for houses we do not break other people's houses lago di
gio called what are we going to do we
today we take 2 bag from thermal mod
expansion
1 7 10 versions come out if there is no higher
knew 17 here in general and that we are her business
open open open here I am for you
I'll throw off a bag which will not wait to eat
night did i made the day the morning
workout
okay, keep your bag
some shit that we don’t
need for example
bull and lion stone or anything
immured all the equipment so that we have
there was nothing after which we ask .
throw us a diamond 65 and another i
got it
I like her but no, but not so
let's take
and all at once I can still can swim
where for now yes it is now cleaning
blocks and then we talked today
what are you and the creator thought of
do what to do so that 's when
you break the chest fall out for example
you there stack of things yes he is so broads
exploded there was no grunt and then
going to one where is the logic you are so here
when you hurt logic can me
report if someone knows feet help
on the contrary, there was not much
quantities, well, I understand why
you drop out first a lot and then one
why can not do immediately in one
drop out this is my crafting a couple dowel
what we do we open the chest and
opened the chest we put on any
Slot almazik from here we want the court there
and in the chest 164 for example after which
We press shift and on this diamond that
happens we he shifts to this
diamond 64 pieces and one he disappears who
stole the meaning you got a diamond hold i
already glitched friends right now try if 64
try 63
1up does not work yes you need more
than a stack so that there were some things in which
funny that there are things that
joining GMK with docking passed
successfully
from here we try it for the early ones then
how many 17 here 16 did not throw off I see and
1 still here I put them we take away all 1616
now watch you throw out throw out
what well do you understand yes che I crawled so
as if taking away throw out like this
how can you generally shift through shift
pick up and work on the idea of ​​all
ships thermal expansion from see
how much we throw it threw this one
little come on in a small bag
try birth one more please
Ender's eyes will finish on all bags
so you have fun but most
servers are afraid of bags do not close everything
type of bag why minecraft
extra slots for things let's
we are the caretaker this is terrible forestry drawings
let's close and all terrible that they
blown up by faith have bags let's
close their group like in any accident
bags let's close them veterans
extra string string utilities have a bag
let's close the second bag you understand
in general, that's such a dupe
subscribe put likes with you
bartolomeo you are the plague and dupe of any things
through the bags that new dupe you know before
as it was necessary before
open and press the letter q this is not
now I am working on the server as a video
view video view video borealis.
but through. yes everyone bye bye bye
Of course, in general, I just tell
as was instead of collecting
For example 30 Putin any
or springs is know when Zamani
wooded with which boss kills the whole
plan take